hello everyone today to the interview to the tournament champion meta destruction war
it's a rus 6 166 disc, many of you may hate it because of the videos you have on that
account but you should see the dt claude turns where you have serious videos
and some for me are
in addition to that the ramstein armed potas marked him his videos with
which one
those who want to visit your channel I will put it in the description of this
video
let us begin
hello explained
welcome to the plate
hello balmelli then here wanting Spanish in the channel of 2 or 0 8 the
most classic question of all how are you
Well, it's about time I interviewed, it's because death metal angel has not yet
Send the prizes first place is very fucking
the first question that overwhelms you as it was so you started on it and what
story
how is it that you suddenly started in this office ad honorem xd
I had an account before they closed me that I only used to score
you will subscribe and see so much asshole believing everything a plus for
throwing bullshit shit that children from 8 years old listen to down like
would be the metal corferias corín govern
It made me want to fight assholes with that and pass myself off as a spokesperson for
those who criticize so much only to receive insults and assholes that are made
the euro and what
wales by copying five paragraphs of wikipedia as you can see in my
videos of the best and the worst bands also in which he spoke pure
blowjobs of metal and clear in my second criticism nirvana
there is demonstrated what he experienced these are some of them, although the title
little word criticize something that they like I do not understand because they see it they justify with
nine who believe it is constructive criticism but when in the title
says something like criticism to the shit wrapped in sheets obviously not
it will be a constructive criticism but there they go from massó home to see the video and
end with a vaginal burning and the big hahaha
question number two will be what it is that inspires you did not inspire you
to do this
It's hard to say but Uncle Tantrism object is like a god hahaha
the worst what you intend to your trial on youtube there are bad what whole and for
everywhere
for you which is pop who would be
because the neutrals do not bother me much because as I told him so the fed left 19
once all of us ever were better faxing the worst what dogs are the ones that
have been in this for a while and continue to behave like everyone likes me
just like the general turn and all that kind of assholes who think they can
change the world by making videos on the internet instead of taking this as a
pastime that ball of assholes who want to impose their ideas on
others and who think that if you agree with what they say is that
you're retarded that kind of assholes I feel sorry for that is that I enjoy
doing the shit
it is true those moments of the thinking army only serve to burst of
Spain to the server
since we argue that none of these pathologies would dare to give
punch
or a slammer in the face a reggaeton telmo phuket or whoever
and there in some videos to put mega man songs so that
I ask you
which are series animals or favorite cartoons
well you will see x-men I am not very given to the trifle in fact I think the only ones
that I have seen are the knights of the armpit and shit zeta goal so according to
the law of the almighty suzhou shit I do not know what the hell did not qualify to be
jq face bining the eye
but when I was a child there in the nineties I liked series like
animated series of exams which came out after exams flip
also what was the league of justice and batman and of course my
superhero favorite of childhood the spectacular spiderman
he also likes the comics of defour and of course the movies and comics
of the raven especially the film made in memory of brandon reads that in
peace, rest
as for series I like series like 24 prison brick duran has claimed
doctor jara bush
and one that looked like being a kid called is that it was from a hospital and
doctors and all that work
of course many of us grew up with some good marvel hero
changing the subject as many of us are habits
inveterate to metal you could tell me what your favorite bands are
I like very much vital remains the director you go persia starbucks saratoga
immortal megadeth special metallica
sodano bancard
lucas country
gil engine panther of the chosen press the fat manns dyn
avalanche a lot of bands more than if I continue in this interview not
it would never end hahaha clarified and that the maximum exponent of metal live as
it is more distracted hahahahaha
we are already standing
the 2011 and with all this you think that the story is a fashion or just a
hobby
it's just a hobby, a way to entertain yourself in free time
has one and in my case fuck assholes who take this as a serious business
some take it as a means to express their opinions about something
some contacts mostly
use this to try to be funny I just want to have fun
I think that because of the last video, I spent a little bit and one last
thing that has us worried
many of those we met a few months ago, nothing more
because he believes that that supposes stutes mocsai míster spaghetti 96 left you
tube
the box will most likely have achieved capita social life showing
penalty on the mister exposer 96 is more than obvious that the kid could not stand
that they fucked and humiliated as did the user pru metallero I think
Maybe it will come back to the tube but it will take longer to return than to start the
better for everyone to know that it is him and end up throwing it again
Hahaha
could you say something to everyone who is watching this video
melissa sons I love you so much you are my life for you is that I make these videos
fucking by owning as a general gijón leaving in a severe trauma to do
hyper 2009 bothering incessantly the j cross that like to mark videos by
I love you
with a shirt of the meridian is not a divine
I love her with all my heart and those who criticize her can go to hell
leaving in his mental delusions aes liquorne I leave here greetings to
everyone